---
title: Giving Chase
issue: 1
chapter: 6
layout: blog
blog: true
mm: true
---

Panic and survival instinct has taken over as the Prodesapia scientists are attaked by the awakend half-human, half-fungus creatures. The things emit eerily human howls and shrieks, relentlessly attacking their previous captors. 

One of the creatures jumps on a Prodesapia scientist, tearing at his face and throat until the man is still, his screaming silenced. Four of the bionically enhanced 'proto-sapians' have formed a defensive line, hoping to contain the mutants, but their defence is futile, as one by one they fall in the fight, overwhelemed by the number and power of these creatures. 

Rough Justice looks on at the scene, content that the creatures – these poor victims of cruel experimentation – are giving the scientists exactly what they deserve. Cass, having been left alone, unnoticed in the warehouse with all the other activity going on, snaps his gaze back from the lights, which have felt strangely compelling, as if they pull on his conciousness, drawing him as a moth to a flame. He feels an unusual hum. It's not psychic, he would be more familiar with the sensation if it were. No, this is something different, something unknown, and that unnerves him.

Only two of the Prodesapia group remain in the area, the others either dead or gone. He launches a metallic punch at one of the larger creatures, who simply grabs the limb, absorbing the impact as though it were nothing. One fungal arm holding the scientist's torso in place, the other pulling at the metal arm, angry at its presence and its intentions. With a horrible 'shlock' sound, the arm is loosened and finally removed from its connection point on the mans body, flesh and metal tearing sounds drowned out by the man's screams. 

The final scientist, having dispatched one of the creatures, makes a dash for the tunnel through which most of the heroes had a arrived, but is blocked by yet another mutant. After an all-too-brief grappling match, the scientist's limp body falls to the floor, the red lights of his bionic eyes flickering out.

Up to this point, the mutant creatures have paid the group of mismatched men – the broad giant of a man, the muscular hairy man in a biker jacket, the costumed man in his mask and cloak, and the tall, thin, older man in his grey suit – little-to-no attention. Now that their perceived enemy is gone, one of the creatures eyes Rough Justice suspiciously as he approaches.

"We're here to help, you got nothing to fear from us", Rough Justice attempts. The mutant man, fungus covering his left shoulder and running the length of his torso, looks at Rough Justice quizzically, his head cocked to one side, green eyes impassive and unreadable. He pauses for a moment before turning his attention to a nearby lamp-post. He stands under the light and closes his eyes, seemingly content to serenely soak up the light.

As the group look around, they notice many of the creatures are doing the same thing. Others are crouched over cars, public payphones, and other electrical items on the street, small sparks zipping between the items and the creatures' bodies. Where the electricity is absorbed, more and more fungus grows.

"Feeding... they're feeding." Says Fade, horrified at the realisation. "They're draining the electricity!" Sledgehammer furrows his brow as he thinks about this.

"They not escape. They eat city."

"Sledge is right, we need to contain them!", states Rough Justice.

In a curl of purple and black, Fade is gone. <span class="thought-text">"I'm at the city powerstation, they can't feed if they don't have any food"</span>, Switchboard relays Fade's voice back to the others. Fade, not knowing his way around the station, hides in the shadows as a couple of employees walk past. Finding a plan of the station affixed to one of the walls by a central set of stairs, he identifies the main control room and teleports there. Looking around, there's nobody currently in the room and he sees a control labelled emergency shutoff, and a diagram of the sectors of the city being supplied with electricity. It's all a little more complicated than he has time for so, he activates what he hopes are the right set of controls.

Back at the docks, the lights flicker on and off, before cutting out altogether. Simultaneously, the mutant creatures emit howls of hunger and rage before dispersing in different directions, feeding off of the residual energy from car batteries and anything else with electricity they can get to. Cass realises that he too is annoyed by the sudden lack of electricity in the area.

<span class="thought-text">"Turn it back on Fade, this is the opposite of containing them, they're scattering!"</span> Comes Rough Justice's voice, relayed by Switchboard. There's no reply, but all the lights in the area are suddenly back on, and the creatures are onces again distracted by the energy around them. 

The distraction is only momentary though. As one, the creatures suddenly look west along the coast line, tense and alert. Cass feels something too, a pull from that direction, something buzzing in his mind. The creatures howl again, and charge off in that direction.

Racing after them, Rough Justice asks Switchboard to connect him to Tracer, monitoring the situation from back in his tower.

<span class="thought-text">"Tracer, it's Rough Justice, do we have any intel as to what's out along the coast, west of the South City Docks?"</span>

<span class="thought-text">"I'm looking now. There's not much out that way"</span>, comes the psychic reply, <span class="thought-text">"ah... hang on... that's it, they'll be heading for the offshore substation."</span>

"It's an offshore substation!", Rough Justice shouts the information to his colleagues as they dash down the road after the creatures.

<span class="thought-text">"Switchboard, you need to evactuate all personel from the offshore sub station west of the South City Docks, right now!"</span>

<span class="thought-text">"I'm on it RJ, leave it to me"</span>, she replies.

As creatures move swiftly down the deserted street, some jump from car to car, absorbing the electricity from the batteries, more patches of fungus appearing on their bodies. Some of the creatures who haven't been feeding start to lag behind and eventually fall back, unconscious. It appears they need to constantly feed in order to survive.

The street runs parallel to the industrial port and harbour that makes up the city's docks. Large industrial cargo ships, and smaller fishing boats and other working ships line the harbour. There's nobody about at this time of night other than a skeleton crew of night watchmen, who gawp at the procession as it passes.

Within the minute, the substation, just visible in the distance, is bathed in the red emergency lighting of its evacuation beacons.

The stronger creatures at the front have now grown in stature and the fungus has started to bind itself together, fusing limbs and body parts, but instead of slowing the creatures down they seem to be gaining strength and speed.

The situation is rapidly spiraling out of control, but the group have now caught up with the creatures at the back of the pack. Sledgehammer bellows at the one nearest to him.

"YOU STOP NOW!" He brings a mighty fist down upon the creature, but instead of crumpling under the blow, she rolls with it, flattening herself in the same direction as the force, bearly slowing her pace. Somehow her body had entirely absorbed the impact of the attack and she now continues her single-minded race to the power station. Sledgehammer howls in frustration and tries again. This time, the creature sense the danger and rolls out of the way before the blow can connect.

"We need a way to contain these creatures, Fade is there anything you can do?"

Fade looks around at his surroundings, and promptly disappears into the ether, reappearing on one of the fishing boats in the harbour. Running over to a large net, Fade rests a hand on it, and man and net curl out of existance, rematerialising in the sky above the running creatures. In a complicated performance of teleportation, Fade dematerialises and materialises in and out of reality, pulling the net with him as he goes, and within seconds the whole thing is spread out into a flat trap, falling from the sky. Three of the creatures are caught underneath the heavy rope, thrashing and howling in fraustration, growing weaker by the minute as they're cut off from their energy source.

Fade teleports a net from one of the nearby ships into a trapping device with multiple teleports, three of the creatures are caught under it and go down, struggling to free themselves.

Remaining creatures continue to race towards the substation

Cass jumps on the back of one, absorbing the life force from it, forcing it to tumble and fall, a patch of green fungus erupting on his face as the toxin in his blood combines with the life force of the creature, he feels the hum of the substation

Fade teleports one of the creatures into one of the storage containers on a nearby ship, the creature howling at the sudden absence of light and energy, slamming Fade into the side of the container, surprising Fade, knocking the wind out of him.

Fade teleports out of the container back onto the street, the banging on the walls growing weaker as the creature's insatiable appetite remains unappeased.

** not sure what happens here between Dad getting that trucker to help, Sledgehammer pushing the containers into the sea, noticing that the creatures under the net had escaped and containing the remaining creatures before they get to the offshore station **

Mutant blob roars in the distance

Switchboard is closer, scared

Fade teleports on top of the beast, drains it but only annoys it

Cass engages with the creature's mind, forcing it to follow

Leads it to a park area,

Dad drives oil tanker into creature, jumping (being teleported?) out before impact

Creature explodes, vaporising Cass in the process